DOCS-513 Updates for free trial (#102)
hazelcast/cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/serverless-cluster.adoc

- No cluster scaling
- No data backups
- No cluster data persistence

> - Paused after 6 hours without development activity

Reviewer: Perhaps this is not necessary. Both development and production clusters are idled after 24 hours if there is no payment method.

Author: Updated as requested.

> Additionally, Management Center has a heap memory limit of 3.7 GB shared between all clusters in an account. Running several streaming jobs with high workloads, or one uncontrolled streaming job, can lead to the temporary loss of metrics data.

Reviewer 2: @FinnLiuHZ Why are we exposing this to users? We control MC and if it cannot handle a scenario we need to treat that as a product enhancement and evolve it to be better.

Author: Covered in a separate ticket.

== Pricing for {hazelcast-cloud} Serverless Clusters

> You pay only for what you store in RAM. Any data that is stored on disk or in backups to disk is free of charge. As a result, 'storage' is synonymous with RAM in {hazelcast-cloud} Serverless clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You pay for all artifacts that are stored. This includes data, metadata, custom code, etc. in {hazelcast-cloud} Serverless clusters.
```

Author: Covered in a separate ticket.

Author: Updated as requested.

> {hazelcast-cloud} Serverless clusters are billed monthly only for the amount of storage that you use. You are charged $0.10 per hour for every GiB of used storage.

Author: Covered in a separate ticket.
